"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." - Albert Einstein
"Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success." - Dr. Brothers
"Excellence is not a singular act, but an habitat. You are what you repeatedly do." - Shaquille Oneal
"The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure." - Sven Goran Eriksson
"Success is simple. Do what's right. The right way, at the right time." - Arnold H. Glasgow
"To succeed you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you." - Tony dorsett
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work and learning from failure." - Colin Powell
"Educated people are as much superior to to the uneducated as the living to the dead." - Aristotle
"If we commit ourselves to reading thus increasing our knwledge, only God can limits how far we can go in this world." - Ben Carson
"In the next generation, you can control as many as you can if you can develop your brain as much as you can." - Ayodele
"Study while others are sleeping, work while others are loafing, prepare while others are playing and dream while others are wishing." - John mason
"Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve." - Wilfred Peterson
"Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie paolinetti
"People have to really suffer before they can risk doing what they love." - Chuck Palahniuk
"Success means having the courage, the determination and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be." - George Sheehan
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is then key to success. If you love what you ard doing, you will be successful". - Herman Cain
"To success in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence." - Mark Twain
"Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted." - David Bly